This file was created by Aaron Arnason!!!
All group members must make a distinct, versioned edit to this file before Monday @ 4:00 PM MST
Ryan Satyabrata was here too.
Suzanne Boulet wrote this.
Michael Xi was here.
Tianyu Hu(Andy) edit this.
Joel Johnston made this change.
Brigitte Ng edit this doc.

Theme: 
1. Music - Cds, record, etc
2. Games - All genres (anything on a CD/cards, Not steam)
3. Textbooks - University level courses

Theme chosen: Games (pending)

Create page Wiki - Notes about meeting

Standup Meeting format

  1. What have you done? 
    - Created repo, sent the link Dr. Hindle.
    - Added name to Test file.
  
  2. What do you plan?
    - Divide up workload into small groups
    - Work on mockup UI
    - To get a portion of part 2 done for next week.
  
  3. What's blocking your progress?
    - Nothing
    - Dont' know who's doing what!
  
All participants must do an equal amount of work!
Tempting to divide up the work, All parts must be synchronized.
Take ownership of chunks of user stories. 
Ex. screen in mockups (activity) but not in UML that's a problem!!!
Project part 2 - Use cases must be worked out before anything.
Mockups can be made with anything (including pen and paper but not likely) use android studio.

UI Mockups - one picture for each screen (activity)
Storyboard - Only need to do one use case
Gossary - Provide citations for all definitions, eg if it mentions a cache, describe what a cache is/does. 
Better to not write your own definitions. Copy/paste in glossary. You're done!
Before you write code, make sure everything else has been handled.
Uml, documentation, glossary, mockups, etc -> can get most of the points w/o any code.


Use Case example:

As an owner, I want to view my inventory and its details.

Task: Inventory button that opens a new activity, that holds a list of inventory items. This list also includes other details.

Test: Junit testing. Test getList(), getItemDetails().
Use test driven development.


Complete Part 1: Requirements Specification

Andy - 1st 5
Michael - 2nd 5
Brigitte - 3rd 5
Aaron - 4th 5
Ryan - 5th 5
Suzanne - 6th 5
Joel - 7th %

